**Children**
Children are cringe. Especially young ones. I hate children. <br><br>

But, because of the most misfortunate of circumstances, I ended up playing a card game with a 5 year old to entertain them. Naturally, because of my superior age and intellect, I start winning. However, the child gets a brilliant idea. He creates a ‘rule’ that states that I must show all of my cards to him and renders most of my strategy useless. However, the key word is ‘most’. I keep winning anyways. Now, the child gets an even superior idea, the rules evolve, and I have to play the weakest card in my deck every time while he plays his strongest. Now I start losing for a bit before I discretely shuffle my cards and regain my advantage. At this point, the child is visibly annoyed and decides to ‘shuffle’ my deck for me, once again forcing me to play only cards that he can beat, and shuffles his deck to retrieve a stronger card if my card beats his. I accept this great injustice, and soon we are about even again. Now, the child pulls another trick out of his sleeve. He grabs half my deck and bets it with me in a game of paper scissors rock. Of course, I win and I get my deck back, but the child is not so easily dissuaded. We bet a second time, a third and a fourth. I win every time, managing to not lose any of my cards, but not gaining any in the process as the game is fundamentally rigged against me, no matter how lucky I get with my RNG. Eventually the child rages and decided to use ‘double scissors’ which somehow beats my rock, breaking all known laws of paper scissors rock in the process. I retaliate with ‘gun’ but somehow, ‘double scissors’ is superior, even though two pairs of scissors are vastly insufficient to stop a 20g chunk of metal travelling at supersonic speeds. Now, I lose most of my deck, leaving me with 3 measly cards against the rest of the deck. At this point, most children would be satisfied with my inevitable defeat, but this child is different. He was special, and not in a good way. Under the guise of helping me, he forces me to play my two worst cards, which he easily beats with his most overpowered cards that he spent 5 minutes picking out from his deck. Now, he finally stops his meddling and lets the game progress naturally. I somehow start winning for a bit, raising my total card count back to 3 before he ‘shuffles’ his deck again and a flood of handpicked overpowered cards annihilates my futile resistance. And to celebrate his victory, the rules evolve once again, allowing the victim to ‘punch the loser lightly’ but I end up on the receiving end of a barrage of full powered punches from an angry 5 year old. I can’t hit back or he would cry, I can’t block since he would cry, I can’t call for help since nobody would believe me. I can only accept the great injustice that has befallen upon me. And now, locked inside a toilet, I type this out, as the 5 year old celebrates loudly outside. <br><br>

I really hate children.
