**[REDACTED] x [REDACTED2] lore: Chapter 1**<br>
It was a day bathed in sunshine, so warm that it felt as though the sun itself was beaming down to celebrate their fateful encounter. Within the ancient hallways of the Beasly building, [REDACTED2], a year 11 titan, strode confidently towards his economics classroom, woefully unaware that he had computer science instead. The very mention of [REDACTED2]’s name sent confusion through the student body, as he was sufficiently irrelevant that nobody knew who he was. <br><br>

And then there was [REDACTED], a year 9 enigma, a shy wisp of stardust that drifted through the sea of adolescent cacophony. Her music, it was said, had the power to soothe even the most unruly of students ([REDACTED2]), and her oboe, when it sang, moved even the emperor of frogs who resided in the dark recesses of BL4. Her notes website brought salvation to hundreds of her underclassmen who worshiped her as their god. And her silence, well, it was an honour to be privy to it. <br><br>

As [REDACTED] gracefully glided through the rampaging hordes of year 7s, heads turned as students and teachers alike gazed upon her beauty. However, one misstep from [REDACTED2] was all it took to send both of them sprawling onto the carpet. Rubbing his concussed head, [REDACTED2] opened his eyes, gazing upon the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. Long jet-black hair framed her porcelain-pale face, as confusion flashed across her warm almond shaped eyes. [REDACTED2], in that instant, was hit by a wave of emotions, "Is it possible for a girl to be this beautiful?" he thought to himself, as a blush spread across his face. <br><br>

“Hey! Stop staring, its creepy.” [REDACTED] berated, a light rosy blush on her cheeks. Snapping out of his delusions, [REDACTED2] intelligently uttered, ‘uh… sorry?’ as he shakily stood up only to trip over a strategically misplaced schoolbag and tumble back onto the ground, pinning [REDACTED] under his bulky frame. Letting out a girly shriek, [REDACTED] stared up at the woefully mediocre looks of the [REDACTED2]. “He’s kinda cute…” She thought to herself before rationality kicked in. “Get off me!” She shrieked, attributing her previous thoughts about [REDACTED2] to her concussion, “Eww, pervert, disgusting!” Unfortunately for [REDACTED2], his room temperature IQ failed to comprehend the current situation, leaving him unconscious right outside the dungeon known as BL4. <br><br>

Prev Chapter: None<br>
Next Chapter: <a href="https://cringe.toomwn.xyz/notes/experimental2/">Chapter2</a><br>
